I swear I'm gonna get my family in a
pumpkin is this Clark this interstellar
coming don't see Clark
oh maybe still sleeping dad fragments
are now expected to enter our atmosphere
that's right now know just why they say
- Sam where are you going
I don't know home first chance is about
to hit it's only part of it it's going
the ocean but you look at that
hey what is the explosion
we now are getting word that the
fragment has skipped Central Florida
wait are some more pieces gonna hit come
on let's go two days they got it all
wrong there's a ton of fragment
planet-killers space agencies are
predicting extinction-level events we're
gonna be together
all right good just try to get to safety
they've been tracking the military
flights to bunkers and Greenland it's
our only chance
[Music]
first behind you
it's okay fourth largest fragment will
hit in less than 24 hours I swear I'm
gonna get my father in a bunker I know
you will sir if you are hearing this
broadcast seek shelter immediately what
is it what's wrong
[Music]
seek shelter immediately seek shelter
immediately
you